README.md, before:

# grunt-loopback-sdk-angular

**NOTE: The grunt-loopback-sdk-angular module supersedes [grunt-loopback-angular](https://www.npmjs.org/grunt-loopback-angular). Please update your package.json and Gruntfile accordingly.**

This module is in Active LTS mode, new features are no longer accepted.
(See [Module Long Term Support Policy](#module-long-term-support-policy) below.)
LoopBack 3 users looking for new features are encouraged to upgrade to LoopBack 4. Refer to [loopback-next#1849](https://github.com/strongloop/loopback-next/issues/1849) for more information on how to upgrade.

> Grunt plugin for auto-generating Angular $resource services for LoopBack

## Getting Started
This plugin requires Grunt `~0.4.2`

If you haven't used [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) before,
be sure to check out the [Getting Started](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started)
guide, as it explains how to create
a [Gruntfile](http://gruntjs.com/sample-gruntfile) as well as install and
use Grunt plugins. Once you're familiar with that process, you may install
this plugin with this command:

```shell
npm install grunt-loopback-sdk-angular --save-dev
```

Once the plugin has been installed, it may be enabled inside your Gruntfile
with this line of JavaScript:

```js
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-loopback-sdk-angular');
```

## Tasks and configuration

See the official
[LoopBack AngularJS SDK documentation](http://docs.strongloop.com/display/LB/AngularJS+JavaScript+SDK#AngularJSJavaScriptSDK-Gruntplugin)
for the description of tasks provided by this Grunt plugin.

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Mailing List

Discuss features and ask questions on [LoopBack Forum](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/loopbackjs).

## Module Long Term Support Policy

This module adopts the [Module Long Term Support (LTS)](http://github.com/CloudNativeJS/ModuleLTS) policy, with the following End Of Life (EOL) dates:

| Version | Status          | Published | EOL      |
| ------- | --------------- | --------- | -------- |
| 3.x     | Active LTS      | Nov 2016  | Dec 2019 |
| 1.x     | Maintenance LTS | Jul 2014  | Apr 2019 |

Learn more about our LTS plan in the [docs](https://loopback.io/doc/en/contrib/Long-term-support.html).

Commit message:

Update LTS status in README

README.md, after:

# grunt-loopback-sdk-angular

**⚠️ LoopBack 3 is in Maintenance LTS mode, only critical bugs and critical
security fixes will be provided. (See
[Module Long Term Support Policy](#module-long-term-support-policy) below.)**

We urge all LoopBack 3 users to migrate their applications to LoopBack 4 as
soon as possible. Refer to our
[Migration Guide](https://loopback.io/doc/en/lb4/migration-overview.html)
for more information on how to upgrade.

## Overview

Grunt plugin for auto-generating Angular $resource services for LoopBack

## Getting Started
This plugin requires Grunt `~0.4.2`

If you haven't used [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) before,
be sure to check out the [Getting Started](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started)
guide, as it explains how to create
a [Gruntfile](http://gruntjs.com/sample-gruntfile) as well as install and
use Grunt plugins. Once you're familiar with that process, you may install
this plugin with this command:

```shell
npm install grunt-loopback-sdk-angular --save-dev
```

Once the plugin has been installed, it may be enabled inside your Gruntfile
with this line of JavaScript:

```js
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-loopback-sdk-angular');
```

## Tasks and configuration

See the official
[LoopBack AngularJS SDK documentation](http://docs.strongloop.com/display/LB/AngularJS+JavaScript+SDK#AngularJSJavaScriptSDK-Gruntplugin)
for the description of tasks provided by this Grunt plugin.

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Mailing List

Discuss features and ask questions on [LoopBack Forum](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/loopbackjs).

## Module Long Term Support Policy

This module adopts the [Module Long Term Support (LTS)](http://github.com/CloudNativeJS/ModuleLTS) policy, with the following End Of Life (EOL) dates:

| Version | Status          | Published | EOL      |
| ------- | --------------- | --------- | -------- |
| 3.x     | Maintenance LTS | Nov 2016  | Dec 2020 |

Learn more about our LTS plan in the [docs](https://loopback.io/doc/en/contrib/Long-term-support.html).
